Add SECURITY.md (#21)
jenkins-infra/.github: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

The Jenkins project takes security seriously.

> We make every possible effort to ensure users can adequately secure their automation infrastructure.
> To that end, we work with Jenkins core and plugin developers, as well as security researchers, to fix security vulnerabilities in Jenkins in a timely manner, and to improve the security of Jenkins in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We make every possible effort to ensure users can adequately secure their automation infrastructure.
To that end, we want to guarantee that the infrastructure part of the project is as secure as possible, to keep the supply chain safe to build and deliver Jenkins components.
```
